c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\bin\Debug\MemberManager.exe.config
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\bin\Debug\MemberManager.exe
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\bin\Debug\MemberManager.pdb
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.exe
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.pdb
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\bin\Debug\MemberManager.exe.manifest
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\bin\Debug\MemberManager.application
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.exe.manifest
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.application
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.Dashboard.resources
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\bin\Debug\OpenDoorLibrary.dll
c:\users\romone\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\bin\Debug\OpenDoorLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Romone\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.LoginForm.resources
C:\Users\Romone\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.Member.ViewMembers.resources
C:\Users\Romone\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.Member.AddMember.resources
C:\Users\Romone\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.Member.ViewMember.resources
C:\Users\Romone\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.Service.Service.resources
C:\Users\Romone\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.Service.ManageAttendants.resources
C:\Users\Romone\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.Service.NewService.resources
C:\Users\Romone\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.Settings.resources
C:\Users\Romone\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MemberManager\MemberManager\obj\Debug\MemberManager.Service.EditService.resources
